This example highlights how a weak description can be transformed into a highly informative one.
The original version offers limited context.
It briefly mentions the species and chemicals involved but lacks information on methods, data types, and potential reuse.
The improved version adds.
Scientific context about why the study matters, for instance, effects of neurochemicals in aquatic organisms.
Details on experimental design, measured parameters, and methods used, like high throughput assays in RNA sequencing.
Specific types of data shared, including videos, gene sequences, our code, and dot-fast-of-files.
And finally, keywords that enhance discoverability, such as serotonin, dopamine, GABA, and RNA sequencing.
A relevant tip.
Use as many relevant keywords as possible.
Think about what someone might type into a search field to find your dataset.